hey guys I'm Briony from Browns graphics
a lot of people know the name Browns
graphics might not know the face this is
the face sorry if you have to have a
look at it
anyway I'll paint all the top motocross
racers freestyle riders in Supercross
riders in Australia background is
started racing when it's three and a
half brick my neck when I was 18 quit
racing there's always and let the ride
anymore and start up your company
Brown's graphics a still affiliated
before me mates at our race and do all
that kind of thing and now I'm just yeah
in the sport that I love and there's a
whole different level from the paint
side of things I've been given this
opportunity I've done all the boys that
I work at trans motto for quite some
time now from pub come back probably 10
years or so and done a fair bit of work
with my over the years and test ride in
that and also from Kawasaki in those CT
and Boggs from Kawasaki the racing team
and here I've been given this
opportunity take this beautiful KX
behind me and take it for a few laps and
see how I'll be out at put my own
personal touch to it and see where we
can take it I'm 67 kilos wringing wet
it's perfect bike for my weight and to
put through its paces
I've ridden it for about two hours now
just running it in so just going through
the first service change the oil and it
all filters and suspensions bet it in a
bit so now that I can get out and do
some hard laps I want to set up for my
personal feel off the bike so suspension
is the first thing that's definitely
hand the fuel injection is definitely a
good thing with you know response and
just that whole power delivery of the
rear wheel to the ground and also the
SFF suspension it's
something completely new to me I'm
pretty anxious to see how it all works
and maybe speculative boys from Kawasaki
and so yeah make it work better for my
setup and my first steps for the bike is
I vaguely know what I want to do
obviously suit up for my style I don't
have a bike that's just a full-on race
machine or you know full-on freestyle
bike or you know did it occator to one
sport I want to try and have an
all-around bike I know my racing is
finished so it's all about just the free
riding for me say something that you
take the bike you know on a track or in
the hills and find some jumps and just
having an all-around balance bike which
you know the average guy out there
that's the kind of setup that they do
anyway you know you race in one weekend
and then if they might say the following
say probably you know play around for
the gear in on it different sized
sprockets see how that works would mind
putting a few nice parts on there a new
pipe just to change it up a bit and
obviously because my background graphic
so I'm going to make the thing looking
pretty style and looking maybe paint a
few parts up and graphics kit as well -
I've got a KX 450 and 2010 model it's a
bit of a weapon of a bike I'm kind of
like a bit of a rag fluffing off the
back of the thing but yeah I love the
power is you know good all-around bite
suspensions all done on it suit up for
me so stepping it down a bit like half
the power it's going to be a good thing
I'm probably going to be ringing it off
its neck but that's what I want to do I
just want to be all over this bike and
try to push it as much as I can
personally and then leave the bike and
better my riding and ability as well say
it's going to be a good challenge
getting off the 450 and getting on to
the 250
you